docs: rearrange docs structure and prepare for future outline (#2051)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/integrate/integration-options/index.mdx

---
title: Integrations
description: Integration options for building with ENSNode.
---

:::caution[Coming Soon]
We're actively working on this page right now. Check back next week for full content!
:::

> This page will describe the integration options available: enskit (React), enssdk (TypeScript/JS), raw GraphQL endpoint, and direct ENSDb access for self-hosters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will describe the integration options available: enskit (React), enssdk (TypeScript/JS), raw GraphQL endpoint, and building custom ENS services on ENSDb for self-hosters.
```
